{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green40\blue45;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c18039\c20784\c23137;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl780\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy Policy for IQ Technology\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 At IQ Tech Ltd, accessible from iqtechnologyltd.in, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by IQ Tech Ltd and how we use it.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.\cb1 \
\cb3 This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in IQ Tech Ltd. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Consent\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Information we collect\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.\cb1 \
\cb3 When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 How we use your information\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Provide, operate, and maintain our webste\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Improve, personalize, and expand our webste\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Understand and analyze how you use our webste\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Develop new products, services, features, and functionality\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the webste, and for marketing and promotional purposes\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Send you emails\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Find and prevent fraud\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Log Files\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 IQ Tech Ltd follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.privacypolicygenerator.info/"}}{\fldrslt Privacy Policy Generator}}\'a0and the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.disclaimergenerator.org/"}}{\fldrslt Disclaimer Generator}}.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Google DoubleClick DART Cookie\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL \'96\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads"}}{\fldrslt https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Advertising Partners Privacy Policies\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of IQ Tech Ltd.\cb1 \
\cb3 Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on IQ Tech Ltd, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.\cb1 \
\cb3 Note that IQ Tech Ltd has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Third Party Privacy Policies\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 IQ Tech Ltd's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:\cb1 \
\cb3 Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.\cb1 \
\cb3 Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.\cb1 \
\cb3 Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 GDPR Data Protection Rights\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:\cb1 \
\cb3 The right to access \'96 You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.\cb1 \
\cb3 The right to rectification \'96 You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.\cb1 \
\cb3 The right to erasure \'96 You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.\cb1 \
\cb3 The right to restrict processing \'96 You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.\cb1 \
\cb3 The right to object to processing \'96 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.\cb1 \
\cb3 The right to data portability \'96 You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Children's Information\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.\cb1 \
\cb3 IQ Tech Ltd does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}